Did you hear it outside?
Open the granary of the Xu mansion
Arrange for good people to distribute teacher weeks
If you dare to be greedy for money and food
Grab five pardons on the spot
Yan Xiang and Qin Xiu killed two eyes
Why doesn't Yan Xiang seem to be in a hurry?
Princess
Do you know the root cause of this disaster?
I don't know what kind of flood
What was it?
It's a horrible pest.
What kind of bug is that?
I caught one in my house
But it looks terrible.
Wang Pei really wants to
Look at the people coming
This thing really has a face
Stinger worms are extremely aggressive
If you are not careful, even people can hurt themselves
Not to mention the seedlings in the field
Good idea.
Prince overseer
untreated
This is the law of responsibility that came down from heaven
I'm going to the palace
Blend him hard
The princess is here again
Before the Third Prince returns
First suppress the arrogance of that waste
Prince Sang has sent news
At this moment, the first Confucian of Great Xia has been found
The trail of the direction disciple
It can be tracked in no day
That's very nice.
As the emperor's teacher
I don't like the practice of diligent repair the most
He is you
Completely solve the trump card of diligent rest